Fix one letter typo (#1827)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/FilesAndLocations/Index.rst

is placed at :file:`Resources/Public/Icons/Extension.svg`, the Extension Manager
will show that image.

> Most of these files are not required. The exceptions are :file:`ext_emconf.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of these files are not required, except of :file:`ext_emconf.php`
```
